<h2>Welcome to Phoebus!</h2>
<p>Phoebus is the software that drives Add-ons Sites targeting many UXP Applications including Pale Moon, Basilisk, and more.</p>

<h2>What is the Panel?</h2>
<p>The Phoebus Panel allows Add-on Developers to manage their extensions and themes contained on an Add-ons Site. You can submit and update Add-ons that supports any of the Applications that Phoebus currently serves.</p>

<h2>How do I get started?</h2>
<p>On the banner at the top right you can select <a href="/panel/addons/">Your Add-ons</a> to manage your extensions and themes. Additionally, you can select <a href="/panel/account/">Your Account</a> to alter your account settings such as your display name and password.</p>

<h2>Important Information</h2>

<h4>Firefox and Thunderbird ID em:targetApplication blocks in Pale Moon Extensions</h4>
<p>Many Pale Moon Extensions still retain their Firefox and Thunderbird em:targetApplication entries from the fantastic forking efforts. However, now that Basilisk and Interlink exist and Phoebus is multi-application aware, this is a problem because Basilisk uses Firefox's ID and Interlink uses Thunderbird's and will display any add-on that claims support in their install manifest file.</p>

<p>Thus, we ask you to re-evaluate your extensions for Basilisk and Interlink compatiblity and if support is not desired to remove the relevant em:targetApplication blocks from the install manifest as soon as possible.</p>

<p>This will help to avoid unwanted issue and support requests from those, understandably, trying to run your extensions in Basilisk or Interlink.</p>
  